All right let's come back to our 50 assets and I'm going to show you real quick how you can cut these
out and put them into your backgrounds and play around with the colors and the lightness and darkness
of them so that they fit into your background.
So we have our doors folder here and all of our doors are on one layer and they have their shadows.
But we don't want to worry about the shadows we just want the door its doors layer.
And so once we have the layers selected with all the doors on it.
These are murky tool and we'll just cut one out.
So let's cut this guy out or don't cut him out.
But copy it and then we will paste them into our background.
Now this door looks really small in this background because this background is huge it's like 7000 by
3000 pixels.
And that's why this looks so small but when you're working with games you're generally not going to
be any larger than 1920 by 20.
So we'll take our dollar zoom in and we're going to distort them by using Comanche or control t Mago
to distort.
And we just want this door to line up with the door in our background already that we have there already
.
Cool.
And then for this guy we would want him in black and white.
So we're going to select him and then go up to Hue and saturations and then we're going to take a saturation
all the way down.
And now he's black and white like the rest of the background but and other backgrounds with color.
Maybe you don't want it to be black and white and you want to actually change the color of your asset
and the way you can do that is up here with the hues and we can change the color of our door now.
We can also change the lightness and the darkness and you can even take some color out of it or you
can bring all the way up like so.
And that's how you would put in assets into your backgrounds.
Now there's little tiny things that you might have to fix.
For example since this door is in perspective it's a little door knobs down here.
They're looking flat.
And so you might have to paint those out and then create your own little door knobs to go on it.